Server Readme (#274)
TUM-Dev/NavigaTUM: server/README.md

This folder contains the backend server for NavigaTUM.

Our server is architected in different submodules, each of which is responsible for a specific task.
They share very few things and are mostly independent of each other.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

For getting started, there are some system dependencys which you will need.
Please follow the [system dependencys docs](resources/documentation/Dependencys.md) before trying to run this part of our project.

### Starting the server

Run `cargo run` to start the server.
The server should now be available on `localhost:8080`.

> Note that `cargo run --release` is used to start the server for an optimised production build (relevant, as profiling `search` or `preview` is otherwise not recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `cargo run --release` is used to start the server for an optimised production build (use this if you want to profile the `search` or `preview` functions, it makes quite a difference).
```
